Docs for a2a backends (#628)
agentgateway/website: assets/agw-docs/pages/agentgateway/agent/a2a.md

      appProtocol: kgateway.dev/a2a
EOF
```
{{< /version >}}

{{< version exclude-if="1.2.x,1.1.x,1.0.x" >}}
Deploy an A2A server that you want {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/agentgateway.md" >}} to proxy traffic to. The way that you expose the server depends on how you route to it in the next step.

> {{< tabs items="AgentgatewayBackend,Service" tabTotal="2" >}}

Reviewer: maybe combine steps 1 and 2 and make it one `Set up routing to an A2A server` step. Then split the steps between AgentgatewayBackend and HTTPRoute-only and explain that the AgentgatewayBackend is the recommended approach as it let's you further configure the A2A server.

{{% tab tabName="AgentgatewayBackend" %}}
Deploy the A2A server with a Deployment and a Service. 

> Unlike Service-based routing, with an `{{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/backend.md" >}}` resource, the backend's `a2a` type signals the A2A protocol, so the Service does not need the `appProtocol` setting.

Reviewer: when you split all the steps, then you can add this description to the backend

          replacePrefixMatch: /
    backendRefs:
      - name: a2a-agent
        port: 9090
EOF
```
{{< /version >}}

{{< version exclude-if="1.2.x,1.1.x,1.0.x" >}}
Create an HTTPRoute resource that routes incoming traffic to the A2A server. You can route through an `{{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/backend.md" >}}` resource, or directly to the Service that you created.

{{< tabs items="AgentgatewayBackend,Service" tabTotal="2" >}}
{{% tab tabName="AgentgatewayBackend" %}}
The `a2a` backend type lets you select an A2A server by its host and port, including A2A servers that run outside your cluster.

1. Create an `{{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/backend.md" >}}` resource that defines the A2A server as a backend. The `a2a` type configures {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/agentgateway.md" >}} to use the A2A protocol when it connects to the `host` and `port` that you specify.

   ```yaml {paths="a2a"}
   kubectl apply -f- <<EOF
   apiVersion: {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/api-version.md" >}}
   kind: {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/backend.md" >}}
   metadata:
     name: a2a-backend
   spec:
     a2a:
       host: a2a-agent.default.svc.cluster.local
       port: 9090
   EOF
   ```

> 2. Create an HTTPRoute that routes to the `{{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/backend.md" >}}`. The route matches the `/myagent` path so that the A2A server has a unique address on the gateway, and rewrites the path to `/` so that requests reach the A2A server, which listens on the root path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create an HTTPRoute that routes traffic along the `/myagent` prefix path to the `{{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/backend.md" >}}`. The prefix path exposes the A2A server under a unique address on the gateway. However, because the A2A server requires traffic to be sent along the root path (`/`), you add a `URLRewrite` filter to the HTTPRoute that rewrites the `/myagent` prefix to `/`. 
```

   ```yaml {paths="a2a"}
   kubectl apply -f- <<EOF
   apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1
   kind: HTTPRoute
   metadata:
     name: a2a
   spec:
     parentRefs:
     - name: agentgateway-proxy
       namespace: {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/namespace.md" >}}
     rules:
     - matches:
       - path:
           type: PathPrefix
           value: /myagent
       filters:
       - type: URLRewrite
         urlRewrite:
           path:
             type: ReplacePrefixMatch
             replacePrefixMatch: /
       backendRefs:
         - name: a2a-backend
           group: {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/group.md" >}}
           kind: {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/backend.md" >}}
   EOF
   ```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab tabName="Service" %}}

> Create an HTTPRoute that routes directly to the A2A Service. This method requires the `appProtocol: kgateway.dev/a2a` setting on the Service, which configures {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/agentgateway.md" >}} to use the A2A protocol. The route matches the `/myagent` path so that the A2A server has a unique address on the gateway, and rewrites the path to `/` so that requests reach the A2A server, which listens on the root path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an HTTPRoute that routes traffic along the `/myagent` prefix path directly to the Service that exposes your agent. Note that this configuration requires the `appProtocol: kgateway.dev/a2a` setting on the Service, which configures {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/agentgateway.md" >}} to use the A2A protocol when connecting to the Service. The `/myagent` prefix path exposes the A2A server under a unique address on the gateway. However, because the A2A server requires traffic to be sent along the root path (`/`), you add a `URLRewrite` filter to the HTTPRoute that rewrites the `/myagent` prefix to `/`. 
```
